Add clarification that SAO needs standard deploy jobs (#8523)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/state-aware-setup.md

- You have updated the environment that will run state-aware orchestration to the dbt Fusion engine. For more information, refer to [Upgrading to dbt Fusion engine](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-fusion).
- You must have a dbt project connected to a [data platform](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/about-connections).
- You must have [access permission](/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-user-access) to view, create, modify, or run jobs.
- You must set up a [deployment environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments) that is production or staging only.

> - The job must be a 'Deploy job' (CI jobs and Merge jobs do not support state-aware orchestration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - You must use a deploy job. Continuous integration (CI) and merge jobs currently do not support state-aware orchestration.
```

> - - You must use a deploy job. Continuous integration (CI) and merge jobs currently do not support state-aware orchestration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must use a deploy job. Continuous integration (CI) and merge jobs currently do not support state-aware orchestration.
```
